CodePen Link: https://codepen.io/ChrisAustin318/pen/eYZEqQQ?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic HTML defines the content.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used to create pages on the web.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
        An attribute is something that defines properties of an element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is the most important heading and should be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        The src and href tags have required attributes.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Our header tag.
    7. What is an id? 
        It specifies a unique HTML element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        On all elements but base, head, html, meta, script, style, and title.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Only use the same id once on a page.
    10. What is a class? 
        It specifies one or more classnames for an element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        All elements can have a class.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        There is no technical limit.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        You use the <a href="link"> and </a> tags.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        It provides the alternate info for an image.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        You put #idName.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        A section defines sections in a document and divs defines a division in an HTML.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used for describing the presentation of Web pages.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        Select it with h2.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class can be used to identify multiple elements and an id identifies one element.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        Use .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        Use p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        Selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        Use .sidebar a.
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        Selects elements that are in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        Use line-height.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        Use letter-spaceing.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        Use text-transform.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        Use div{border: 1px dotted black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        The * selector.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        Start with /* and end with */.
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        Use pwd.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        Use ls.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        Use rm <file>. If you use it you can't get the file back.
    34. Why should I use version control?
        It is important to keep track of changes and keep every team member working off the latest version
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Every 10 minutes or when you make a major change in the code.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin branch-name.
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork your own repo, add your TL as a collaborator, clone your repo, go to your new repo and create your own branch name, work on your repo, add and commit, puch changes to github repo, submit a PR, add TL to the reviewers.
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        You can't put block elements inside inline elements.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 